take me to that happy hour I never had
show me the girl I never met I want it so bad
where is that Golden Palace where is that called Destiny I think she
ran off without me oh
boy are you in for it tonight we're gonna get back in our time ship
and I'm gonna leave us right in a little bubble in the bushes In The Garden of Gethsemane tonight
we're going deep chewy it's light speed hit it
[Music]
oh look I'm not cruel you know there's no
way to do this better than to take along a child of God
and to have them attempt to entice you to go into the
fairy tale backyard it's usually in the back or it's in the Crypt right it's a space
that the early Christians are creating this mystery right
it's a place where we come back to a very serious topic today I'm going
to take you somewhere I want to take you right to Gethsemane right now we're going right now you're going to love this but in order to get there I want to
sacrifice right we need we're necromancers
um and I'm assuming that you have your ears to hear and that you're sitting on
the throne we are necromancers and this is how we function we're going to bring
this false
reality to you this fairy tale in the form of a dude
of a dude what we're doing is we're sacrificing tonight um
Reverend Renner um his distinguished one
um we're looking at his work because he has had the to you know the real courage
to step forward and say who is this naked kid with Jesus in The Garden of
Gethsemane so we catch we catch him there Mr Runner but we think that we're going to get an
explanation I'll tell you be careful we're gonna go behind the building or into the Crypt
okay we're going down there and there's gonna be some funny things that go on
let's bring him up let's bring him up let's uh let's have a response to this fella we're going to do this in little
tiny Clips hit it somebody guess somebody was immense it covered nearly
the whole slope of the Mount of Olives what we call The Garden of Gethsemane was much more than just trees it was a
cemetery there were Graves yeah first of all the name Gethsemane
they'll tell you right the first thing he's going to tell you he hasn't done it yet but he will he's going to tell you
that this is from the Aramaic and it means the place of the oil press well no
if it's from the Greek it means the pleasure stones
the pleasure stands and that word for Stones this is a district this is a district in a Park area
where there are things like cemeteries monuments
yeah nice love it anyway um and part of this is called the place
if it's in the Greek it's the place of the stone pleasure it's a place that we know that Jesus
hung out it's a place that we know that Jesus hung out okay let's keep that let's keep
that in mind okay hit him again bring him again and Jesus came into the grotto to pray regularly with his Apostles and
it was there that Jesus spoke the words I am he and the Bible tells us in John
chapter 18 that all the soldiers who came to arrest him when they heard those
words I am he they begin to do something very strange all those soldiers begin to go backward
and the King James version says they fell to the ground okay so here we are we're in the garden
and foreign a group
group comes up these are not regular
forces yeah these are heavily armed members of the cohort
yeah yeah now there's no indication of how many of them came he drew from the cohort though to bring
it so we've got Temple security we've got Civic local Civic forces and we've
got um a crack group these are the guys you send for the Big
Bus anyway um so uh here they come here they come
and Pilots uh Judas is let them there fantastic now it's gonna get a little
bit dark from here it's going to get a little bit dark from here he's going to tell us something happened these
soldiers suddenly got drowsy okay now we're going behind the building
yeah now we are come on kids yeah you've got to know this
you don't know what his skill is he can tell you it's
because the ancient Greek says it's that way and let me tell you something he he is
lying through his teeth
let's just look at what the Greek says yeah okay hit us another clip please you
read the Greek the words go backward really means to wobble to stumble they lost their
bearing and when the Bible says they fell it's the Greek word Pepto which means to fall hard
Jesus released such a blast of divine power when he said those words I am he which
in Greek literally mean I am yeah the um
he set off wait I'm just wait okay that's when you realize it's dark
you know and you're in the basement you're like what are we doing down here
right how many of us have found ourselves in this Edition right what are we doing here Jesus let
off a what Jesus had a blast of what that's what the text says believe you
because you said you do the Greek that's what the text says really
really let's go to them let's go to the John 15
please or 18. this is John 18. this is the text that he's talking about
yeah good look at starting at six horse
ego Amy um that's the that's the ego the ego Amy
is the response right so in the world of the basement the fairy tale they will
tell you Jesus spoke out Boom Like A you know it's kind of just magic everybody
falls down it gets better just wait it gets better
but that's not what the Greek says that's not what the Greek says they don't bring the Greek up again
what does it say ago Amy why is he saying Eggo any saying I am because they
asked him are you Jesus of Nazareth and he says because it's a it's a crowd
of a delegate of soldiers right this is a he they brought out the unit that
takes down the real bad guys they're heavily armed right we're going to see this Jesus
makes a note of this he says something out of his own mouth out of his own
mouth tonight we have first-hand evidence right we've been trying to establish a
motive here for Jesus and there are those of you who have been saying you know it's not things are not so bad
right we have to understand here that we can we can get rid of the religiosity
but we can't get rid of that core let's look at the core
I have no arguments for you I have no opinions I have no you can quote me as
saying nothing that thou should do or not do anything yeah
here we serve the text baby this is the museum we serve the text let's look at
what that text says John bring him up excellent thank you so much
I yeah so they said are you Jesus he said I am and it says they went around to his
back they circled them they were around him
so they couldn't get away they fell on him they attacked the Greek
uses for falling all the time all the time the one enemy falls upon another
you know so they surround him and they take him they start to arrest him they grabbed him right and as they're
going for him Jesus says yeah
let's go to the next text this is this is uh okay yeah this is the one from Mark yeah
so um yeah ah as they cut as they go so
they're around them and they're getting they're they're you know the arrest is being made the arrest is being made
they've identified who he is and they're taking him down and what happens
Jesus responds to them right as they're coming on to him he says what what if you come out here with your swords and
with your clubs that's the military club right it's a big thing that's that's a big deal they came out with battering
rams this time and flash grenades right they came out and what did they what
what did they say look at the the end of the first line Hoss look at the two first words the next
line Epi lay stain go ahead and take it down
you're coming at me as if you're coming against or coming to
arrest or coming to apprehend a laces
what is that what is that people like to translate it as robber
robber but that doesn't make it that doesn't quite make it there Jesus says
were these guys so heavily armed for would you come out against me for you
know when you look at your armed resistance would you come out let's look at this look at the transl look at uh
the there we go um here's the definition of lay stay
thrive it's from laids though for those of you who are in Greek right good and
notice that um they first give you Rob Robert or pirate right and you think to
yourself wait a minute pirate Jesus is saying what'd you guys come out
here so heavily armed like I'm a pirate right what does that mean well it's
especially somebody at Sea so there's some kind of C connection you know that's where we're getting pirate
brigand Buccaneer right buccaneer later
now you know where you get the word pirate from yeah but what kind of what are these
shiver me timbers these aren't the guys that make Johnny Depp look good this is not that kind of a pirate
right these are sex traffickers should we bring up that same
look at the very bottom used by lycophone who is lycophone
lycophone is the poet who is preserving the song of Cassandra
yeah the song Cassandra who is the bakkick Sybil yeah wonderful wonderful and you'll
notice there in that like a frond it's okay you'll notice there in that lycophone that
um we have a reference to child abduction
yeah it turns out in Antiquity I mean let me just lay this thing straight you
want to become the garden of the garden of grave Delight here we are in this
place take a whiff around you know what you smell you smell groups of traffickers who will
sail into a port jump off the ship armed armed with enough Force to overwhelm the
local authorities and take kidnap take prisoner
um young men and young women boys and girls and if this kind of thing
you know oh why do they take them to take them somewhere and traffic them to sell them right
um yeah to sell them it's not very nice it's not very nice indeed
yes but this is the word the latest this is the word for this trafficker
and so when Jesus says would you come out against me so heavily armed what do you think I am a trafficker
the fact that there's a naked kid standing next to him
the fact that there's a naked kid standing next to him and that verb
that's used for a company when it says the naked boy was accompanying Jesus that verb is a verb that is used of
soldiers and of slaves soldiers and of slaves
yeah there was that boy accompanying him naked let's hear what else he has to say
about the the go ahead Jesus was declaring that he was
God In the Flesh and there was such a blast of power it knocked all the soldiers to the ground
eventually they got up they regained their bearings and Jesus surrendered himself to them
and as they walked out of The Grotto out of the cave through this area the Bible tells us in Mark chapter 14
verses 51 and 52 about something very unusual it says suddenly there appeared
in the midst of them a naked boy with a linen cloth who is the naked boy in the
Garden of Gethsemane who is that naked boy in the Garden of
Gethsemane alas someone is finally talking about it nice job nice job it's
taken us what is this 1400 years we solved it once a long time ago oh
he's a cousin right he's a cousin now okay so let's let's see this whole thing about the
this whole thing about the we'll come back to the glory bomb in a minute don't play that video the this will come back
to the glory bomb in just a second but the blowing off of the feet you can see it's not even in the text
right and it you'll notice that translators since Tyndale
have been following this same path so you can track this man Mr renner's
education you get it down to his education about where he came up with these ideas when he says I am and lets
off the glory bomb causing all the soldiers to fall around right
and by the way that stuff he said about balance is not in that at all it's not there at all he's making stuff up that's
why I'm saying these are lies he is making stuff up there's nothing to do with staggering in that Greek period
nothing they simply went around and took custody of him right took him down
yeah yeah it's a bust right it's a bus and they've got a big unit out there
this is fantastic okay hit him again who is the naked boy in the Garden of
Gethsemane why was there a naked boy and why was he carrying a linen cloth well
the key is the words Lenin cloth it is a Greek word which described a burial shroud
well All Around The Grotto All Around The Garden of Gethsemane there were Graves including fresh Graves
this was a dead boy that's why he was carrying a linen cloth or a burial
shroud the Jews buried their people naked and covered them with that kind of
a shroud this boy was laying in his grave and when Jesus spoke those words I am he
the same power that knocked 300 to 600 soldiers onto
their back apparently touched a dead boy that had recently been buried the boy
came crawling out of his grave with his Lenin cloth stumbles into the midst of the whole
scene that's taking place in the Garden of Gethsemane or here we find the moment
of Jesus arrest okay
so if I got this straight the fairy tale view is Jesus set off a glory bomb
the soldiers hit the deck and because they were close
to a fresh dead boy he crawled out
of the Grave I mean this is zombies does anybody else see the zombies this man believes in zombies
out comes this boy fantastic let's let's hit him one more time this is just it's overwhelming it's overwhelmingly bad
when this man takes you into the back okay and he starts this act
right um You don't know that his Greek is wrong it is
plainly openly yes okay let's keep let's finish him off
give him one more that was another miracle a periphery Resurrection
and when the soldiers and the religious leaders saw the resurrected boy they said somebody get that boy because they
didn't want news of another Resurrection in that very moment
Jesus power is simply immense it shows up all the time
and today I want to talk to you about Jesus power showing up in your life
yeah and that's how it starts that's how it starts show me on the dolly
yeah that's how it starts did you hear how he's he's going in there in the end for the huh he's going in this is the
hunt right he's pre he's preying on you and he's going to come in I want to show
you Jesus power wait a minute you just made up a bunch of nonsense
right even what he said about the scene done right it is not a burial shroud it is
not the word for burial shroud it's the word for linen strip it's just a piece
of linen cloth that's all it's a piece of linen cloth
yeah and if this guy had had five minutes to read some Galen
he might see how these linen bandages work
yeah yeah the kid runs off naked Jesus is Calling himself a child sex trafficker
the people that show up oh by the way for those of you who want a little more context by the way with the child sex
trafficking in antiquity there we go with the child sex
trafficking in Antiquity um sometimes it can get kind of formalized and when the Pirates show up
you have a certain number of you know teens that they need to be given
yeah and that keeps them from coming back then they only come back once a year
right and the mothers in the in Antiquity are singing about these things
yeah about how terrible it is you know to be taken in those captive
and to have your child rip from you in order to enter into this
Garden of delight you know where these kids are sold off
yeah it's a big um abduction and abduction for the
purposes of sexual abuse is a very prominent industry in Antiquity so when
Jesus calls himself a trafficker he's noticing as you see he's pointing
clearly pointing out you've got the weapons right you brought the specialized unit
right and this guy says 600 right because he thinks when the Greek says he
went to the cohort he thinks he got every person in the unit
no he didn't right and they didn't fall down because of the glory bomb where
don't we have some look I we're trying to make a you know representation of this thing
hit it should we see if it works is this phone
[Music] [Applause]
um foreign
fantastic I don't know if that captured it I don't know if that captured it and before we move on to our serious ending
I do need a moment of subliminal Zane do you have just a moment of subliminal Zane
there we go fantastic you can check that out later
the um by the way thank you Zane for the contribution of all your music you know
I hope you like what I'm doing with it um thank you very much
what do we do with that Glory bomb right so we're in a situation now where look
guys we have an option we can't I can't keep taking you back to these scenes and
exposing you to them without it seriously affecting us all
right so we have to understand we have to we have to get it clear that we're
talking about a time and a place and very specific things very specific
historical events and the only thing that we can trust
is the language the language preserves this
the language preserves what the actual statement was that Jesus made he said
you're arresting me he said well what you're arresting me like I'm a
pirate of people you know like I'm a sex trafficker
so known accomplices
prostitutes and accountants
arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy
armed resistance was provided
so we think we've come to the place that Jesus regularly hangs out where he does his Biz you don't see him
doing any carpentry do you right but he is hanging out with
prostitutes and accountants with naked boys
in places that we know are the necromancers
hang just place to hang all right he's waiting there for the
dawn he's waiting there for the dawn you know the you know the process
of trading children in antiquity is directly connected
with cult mystery are you surprised
you shouldn't be Jehovah has this Ganymede right we understand this
so we provide Jesus
it looks like we've got enough evidence to say that there is a direct
Association between Jesus aka the Christ
and the sex trade
first century first third of the first century
yeah good stuff good stuff it's important to me because you trust
me it's important to me to give you the most accurate information possible
so when I'm showing you those words that's why I'm trying to give you the
the the philological background and to show you hey see this it's just
translating here this right because I have nothing to sell you now Reverend
Reverend Glory bomb we'll just call him Reverend Glory bomb
who has you know for those of you say it's too much you're being too too harsh
on Reverend glorybaugh no no no no we raid these basements and when we find
when we find the evangelicals and the Catholics we find the Presbyterians and the
Baptists and we find The Free Church of Christ
and the holy Immaculate nationalist Association of
we're going to take over the world when we find them taking people into places
where they they're taking advantage of them it's our duty to stand up to that
yeah so so far what we've got I wanted to show you a little bit of the prophecy of
Cassandra and I wanted you to see there's a lovely um there's some lovely imagery there and
some talk of what you can do with your daughters you can dedicate your daughters to the
temple and they'll be protected and we as members of the community who worship
hackity and protect those virgins um we take up weapons Stones bows
against those pirates who we catch with our children naked
it turns out the chief pirate
is the son of God
get your hands off and parents were saying get your hands off them all right stop touching my children
that's what people told Jesus he was like don't scandalize me
yeah maybe that's what it is when the priest Is We I just want to
finish with gazier when the priest at his ordination
sees the vampires and knows the beauty
he gains a perspective and he can never go back
his God's righteousness turns into oppressive pain
yeah because he's seen her and he knows
yeah galaxy a thank you tonight I've taken up 30 minutes of your time and I
believe that that's all the time that I will take up tonight I want to make an announcement before we go
I want to make an announcement the Friday we will be having our fight club
where only the sons of Heracles
will be allowed to enter I've told Chewie you don't get in without your wig and your Victoria's Secret right
we should bleep that out should I not yeah here he is right Heracles you love
him you love his gown look there's the queen there's the queen there she is so you don't get into the fights
unless you come in proper kit and we will be taking what the movement
that we've been the the forward motion that we've been accumulating we're going to take that we're going to drive that
into the form of um the practicing the working of the
mystery we're going to expose expose that to people so they can see right let's get
back in the ship we've had this is not a Gethsemane right this is enough we're there we see Jesus he's calling himself
a child trafficker right not only that but remember guys he shows up with the
stuff the goop all over them they don't know what that is what's he been doing with that kid what's that rag for
right they don't know these things right um we all it always comes back to that
dracana that dracana that our prophetess Cassandra talks
about who bears that Venom it always comes back to her
Cassandra says she has the dip says she calls her
she calls her the the very same title of Jesus's anti-venom that he didn't get on
the cross right that's hers that's hers thank you magdal
the scythian Maga that's fantastic you see there's a there's a brighter we've been looking at
Jesus the child trafficker with his naked boy right but there's a much brighter
um light around it that is divine that is divine and that's her
the fact that she is controlling from the back room
right it's amazing it's magic control love it marry the mock doll
yeah fantastic City and word for Maga yeah now wait a minute you thought
Magdalene was from this in the Hebrew no it's not
yeah it's not you mean I shouldn't have studied Hebrew and Seminary no you
shouldn't have you're wasting your time yes it's on Greek bro just read it
read it pirate lay States and realize that every time you go to church and
every time you take that communion and every time you give your attention to
that power you are propping up history's most popular child sex
trafficker
I think that's it let's call it there but before we do let's take one more look at the image
let's take one more look at the image of where we're getting all of this Viper Venom this dip sass go ahead
[Music]
thank you [Music]
hail Satan and if you can avoid
pirate who sells children and any of his followers [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
where is that horse called Destiny I think she ran off without me
[Music]